MTA-4775: Effort differs between applications depending on whether th… (#119)
migtools/mta-documentation: docs/topics/issues-with-report.adoc

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// * docs/cli-guide/master.adoc

:_content-type: CONCEPT
[id="issues-with-report_{context}"]
= Issues with reports

> Analysis precision is lower when the project cannot be built for whatever reasons. This lowering of precision can be caused by several factors;

Author: ```suggestion
Analysis precision is lower when the project cannot be built for whatever reasons. This lowering of precision can be caused by several factors:
```

> Analysis precision is lower when the project cannot be built for whatever reasons. This lowering of precision can be caused by a number of factors;

Author: ```suggestion
Analysis precision is lower when the project cannot be built for whatever reasons. This lowering of precision can be caused by several factors;
```

> Analysis precision is lower when the project cannot be built for whatever reasons. This lowering of precision can be caused by a number of factors;

Author: ```suggestion
Analysis precision is lower when the project cannot be built for whatever reasons. This lowering of precision can be caused by several factors;
```

> * The lack of a proper build file, such as, a `pom.xml` or `build.gradle` file. For example, running {ProductFullName} on a project with an inaccessible parent `pom.xml` file may not result in a full analysis.

Author: @kpunwatk - it would be acceptable with a comma or without. However, as it is going into a two-item list, i think it reads better as it gives emphasis to the pom.xl and gradle.file. 

As this is the last remaining issue, are you ok for me to move it `Release Pending`, please?

Thanks

> * The lack of a proper build file, such as, a `pom.xml` or `build.gradle` file. For example, running {ProductFullName} on a project with an inaccessible parent `pom.xml` file may not result in a full analysis.

Reviewer: Completely ok for me, Thanks!
PR looks good to me!

* Compilation errors of one form or another

.Running {ProductShortName} on a project with an inaccessible parent pom.xml file may not result in a full analysis

Running {ProductFullName} on a project with an inaccessible parent pom.xml file may not result in a full analysis. For example, this issue impacts the link:https://github.com/jboss-developer/jboss-eap-quickstarts/tree/EAP_7.4.0.GA[JBoss EAP Quickstarts], which demonstrate JBoss EAP, Jakarta EE 10, and other additional technologies. They provide small, specific, working examples that can be used as a reference for your project. However, these quickstarts specify a relative path to their parent POM file, which does not exist when the {ProductShortName} container is run.

Specifying an input path of link:https://github.com/jboss-developer/jboss-eap-quickstarts/tree/EAP_7.4.0.GA/kitchensink[`kitchensink`] mounts the `kitchensink` directory as a volume in the container, but that means that the JDT Language Server (jdtls) is unable to access the parent link:https://github.com/jboss-developer/jboss-eap-quickstarts/blob/EAP_7.4.0.GA/kitchensink/pom.xml[pom.xml] file.

> This causes the jdtls to encounter a `Non-resolvable parent POM for org.jboss.eap.quickstarts:kitchensink:7.4.0.GA error` project build error. This error creates a `.project` file, which is missing the `org.eclipse.jdt.core.javanature`, meaning that jdtls, and subsequently {ProductShortName}, is unable to access details about the Java files.

Author: ```suggestion
This causes the jdtls to encounter a `Non-resolvable parent POM` project build error. This error creates a `.project` file, which is missing the `org.eclipse.jdt.core.javanature`, meaning that jdtls, and subsequently {ProductShortName}, is unable to access details about the Java files.
```
